README.md, before:

## Synopsis

At the top of the file there should be a short introduction and/ or overview that explains **what** the project is. This description should match descriptions added for package managers (Gemspec, package.json, etc.)

## Code Example

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Installation

Provide code examples and explanations of how to get the project.

## API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Tests

Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License

A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache, etc.)

Commit message:

Forgot readme
Added readme and created folder for screen mockups

README.md, after:

## Synopsis

A customisable RC transmitter based around the STM32F100RB. Designed to allow the user to set the transmitter up how they want.

## Motivation

This project was started as I was not happy with the features avaliable on my Orange T6 transmitter and I thought why not make my own.

## Project log

Please see https://hackaday.io/project/6346-customisable-rc-transmitter for more information.

## License

Copyright (C) 2015  Damian Thompson

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
